zigbee: Update Zigbee docs about configuring USB [KRKNWK-12057] (#6208)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/zigbee/ncp/README.rst

* :kconfig:`CONFIG_ZBOSS_TRACE_USB_CDC_LOGGING` - to select nRF USB serial over UART serial.
* :kconfig:`CONFIG_ZBOSS_TRACE_LOGGER_DEVICE_NAME` - to select the serial device for printing Zigbee stack logs, set to ``"CDC_ACM_1"``.

To create two instances of USB CDC ACM for application, two entries in the dts overlay file for selected board are required, each for every USB CDC ACM instance.
See :ref:`zephyr:usb_device_cdc_acm` for more information.
NCP sample configures single USB CDC ACM instance ``"CDC_ACM_0"`` by default.
To configure second USB CDC ACM instance ``"CDC_ACM_1"``, you can extend ``zephyr_udc0`` node in the dts overlay file:

.. code-block:: console

&zephyr_udc0 {
   cdc_acm_uart0: cdc_acm_uart0 {
      compatible = "zephyr,cdc-acm-uart";
      label = "CDC_ACM_0";
   };

   cdc_acm_uart1: cdc_acm_uart1 {
      compatible = "zephyr,cdc-acm-uart";
      label = "CDC_ACM_1";
   };
};

> If you have configured two USB CDC ACM instances, enable composite USB device driver using :kconfig:`CONFIG_USB_COMPOSITE_DEVICE`.

Reviewer: Does it mean that we have to update NCP sample configs?

Author: We don't. It's only used if second USB CDC ACM instance is configured to be used for logging binary ZBOSS traces over USB.

> To create two instances of USB CDC ACM for application, two entries in the dts overlay file for selected board are required, each for every USB CDC ACM instance.
> See :ref:`zephyr:usb_device_cdc_acm` for more information.
> NCP sample configures single USB CDC ACM instance ``"CDC_ACM_0"`` by default.
> To configure second USB CDC ACM instance ``"CDC_ACM_1"``, you can extend ``zephyr_udc0`` node in the dts overlay file:
> 
> .. code-block:: console
> 
> &zephyr_udc0 {
>    cdc_acm_uart0: cdc_acm_uart0 {
>       compatible = "zephyr,cdc-acm-uart";
>       label = "CDC_ACM_0";
>    };
> 
>    cdc_acm_uart1: cdc_acm_uart1 {
>       compatible = "zephyr,cdc-acm-uart";
>       label = "CDC_ACM_1";
>    };
> };
> 
> If you have configured two USB CDC ACM instances, enable composite USB device driver using :kconfig:`CONFIG_USB_COMPOSITE_DEVICE`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To create two instances of USB CDC ACM for application, complete the following steps:

1. Create two entries in the DTS overlay file for the selected board, one for each USB CDC ACM instance.
   See :ref:`zephyr:usb_device_cdc_acm` for more information.
#. While the NCP sample configures single USB CDC ACM instance ``"CDC_ACM_0"`` by default, configure the second USB CDC ACM instance ``"CDC_ACM_1"`` by extending ``zephyr_udc0`` node in the DTS overlay file with the following code:

   .. code-block:: console

      &zephyr_udc0 {
         cdc_acm_uart0: cdc_acm_uart0 {
            compatible = "zephyr,cdc-acm-uart";
            label = "CDC_ACM_0";
         };

         cdc_acm_uart1: cdc_acm_uart1 {
            compatible = "zephyr,cdc-acm-uart";
            label = "CDC_ACM_1";
         };
      };

#. Enable the composite USB device driver using the :kconfig:`CONFIG_USB_COMPOSITE_DEVICE` Kconfig option.
```

* :kconfig:`CONFIG_ZBOSS_TRACE_USB_CDC_LOGGING` - to select nRF USB serial over UART serial.
* :kconfig:`CONFIG_ZBOSS_TRACE_LOGGER_DEVICE_NAME` - to select the serial device for printing Zigbee stack logs, set to ``"CDC_ACM_1"``.

> To create two instances of USB CDC ACM for application, complete the following steps:

Reviewer 2: I'm being a bit picky here, but it's not clear to me why you need to create a second instance. The 117 line only suggests 1 of these 2 instances...

Author: One for NCP communication and one for ZBOO trace messages

* :kconfig:`CONFIG_ZBOSS_TRACE_USB_CDC_LOGGING` - to select nRF USB serial over UART serial.
* :kconfig:`CONFIG_ZBOSS_TRACE_LOGGER_DEVICE_NAME` - to select the serial device for printing Zigbee stack logs, set to ``"CDC_ACM_1"``.

To create two instances of USB CDC ACM for application, complete the following steps:

1. Create two entries in the DTS overlay file for the selected board, one for each USB CDC ACM instance.
   See :ref:`zephyr:usb_device_cdc_acm` for more information.

> 

Reviewer 2: Blank line not needed.

#. While the NCP sample configures single USB CDC ACM instance ``"CDC_ACM_0"`` by default, configure the second USB CDC ACM instance ``"CDC_ACM_1"`` by extending ``zephyr_udc0`` node in the DTS overlay file with the following code:

   .. code-block:: devicetree

      &zephyr_udc0 {
         cdc_acm_uart0: cdc_acm_uart0 {
            compatible = "zephyr,cdc-acm-uart";
            label = "CDC_ACM_0";
         };

         cdc_acm_uart1: cdc_acm_uart1 {
            compatible = "zephyr,cdc-acm-uart";
            label = "CDC_ACM_1";
         };
      };

#. Enable the composite USB device driver using the :kconfig:`CONFIG_USB_COMPOSITE_DEVICE` Kconfig option.

> .. note::
>     With this configuration, you will see two serial ports created by the NCP sample.
>     Use the first one for NCP communication.
>     Use second serial port for collecting Zigbee stack logs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With this configuration, you will see two serial ports created by the NCP sample.
Use the first one for NCP communication.
Use second serial port for collecting Zigbee stack logs.
```

> Also, complete Kconfig configuration of Zigbee stack logs over nRF USB serial is present in the :file:`prj_usb.conf`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also check the :file:`prj_usb.conf` file, which contains the complete Kconfig configuration of Zigbee stack logs over nRF USB serial commented out.
```
